Update assign-pod-node.md - Gt and Lt definition amendment for nodeAffinity (#45887)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

|    Operator    |    Behaviour    |
| :------------: | :-------------: |

> | `Gt` | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is greater than the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector |
> | `Lt` | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is less than the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Gt` | The field value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is less than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector |
| `Lt` | The field value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is greater than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector |
```

Author: I prefer your change @sftim, let's stay with that. Thanks.
